# Community Plugin Website

This website is built using [Docusaurus 2](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator. This is an awesome tool that allows you to build a documentation website with a free and open source codebase.

## Getting Started

This project uses [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and that will need to be installed in order to contribute or run this project locally.

Additionally, you may want to install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) to manage your dependencies.

### Switch Directories

The main website is contained in a nested folder so to get started you will need to run the following command:

`cd website`

### Installation

For NPM:

`npm install`

For Yarn:

`yarn install`

### Local Development

For NPM:

`npm run dev`

For yarn:

`yarn dev`

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

For NPM:

`npm run build`

For Yarn:

`yarn build`

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service. The build folder will represent what is deployed as the website, however, your local environment may not create the same build that the deployment server will.

### Deployment

The site is deployed using GitHub pages. For more information on the deployment setup, please refer to the [following guide](https://docusaurus.io/docs/deployment#deploying-to-github-pages)

### How to mark a page as a draft/under construction

A global `<underconstruction />` component has been created that can be used within markdown files to signify that the page is currently under construction. Add the component and additionally add the following Doc item metadata which will automatically be picked up by the autogenerated sidebar configuration:

At the top of your .md file:

`---
sidebar_label: <your-label> 🚧
---`

The 🚧 emoji will be added to the sidebar label to signify more globally that documentation is still needed. Unfortunately this is currently a fairly manual process requiring clean-up after the documentation is completed.