---
sidebar_position: 999
---

# 09/20/2021

## Major Updates :rocket:

### Comments

- [X] **Input Form Automator :** Automate Applying Input Form sets based on persona, milestone, loan type, user, etc
- [X] **Email Trigger Automator :** Use a client to run automated emails.
- [X] **Task Automator using Blocking Queue :** Task Automation that enables rapid creation of automation.
- [X] **Home Counseling Automator :** Automate first 10 Home Counselors on FE Zip code change.
- [X] **Open Input Forms in Separate non Dialog windows :** Open Encompass Input Form inside Windows form non dialog.
- [X] **Open eFolder Documents :** Set custom field CX.OPENDOCUMENT to the name of a Document bucket to open the Document directly.
- [X] **Sort Alerts :** Sorts Alerts on loan open alphabetically.
- [X] **Navigation Buttons :** Navigate back and forth between previously clicked input forms
- [X] **Disable Services :** Disable all or some services.
- [X] **Doorbell :** Request access to user who locked loan and receive notification when they are out of the loan.
- [X] **Settings Grid Search :** Adds a Textbox to search any Setting Tree Node with a GridView.
- [X] **Loan Folder Loan Count :** Counts the number of loans per folder in the Loan Folder Setting node.
- [X] **Lock Business Rules over multiple instances :** POC to lock business rules over instances.
- [X] **VIP Loans :** Remove all loans from pipeline if user isn't a member of VIP User Group.
- [X] **Open Loans Read Only :** Add option to Pipeline Context Menu to open a loan in read only mode.
- [X] **Savable Pipeline Advanced Searches :** Save advanced search criteria per pipeline view for User Customizable Pipeline Views.
- [X] **Pipeline Recolor :** Color pipeline based on rules.
- [X] **Pipeline Loan Reassignment :** Moved the Loan Reassignment tool from Settings to the Pipeline Context Menu so you can select applicable loans in the Pipeline.
- [X] **Show FieldIDs when searching pipeline columns :** When customizing Pipeline View Columns, add a column that shows the corresponding FieldIDs
- [X] **Impersonate another user:** 
Impersonate another user lower on the hierarchy level and return to your rights.
- [X] **Extract all settings from Encompass :** Extract settings that aren't exportable such as Password Management for services.
- [X] **Customizable Loan Side Menu:** 
Static collapsable menu that can hold any user control, dynamic load based on persona.
- [X] **AND MORE**
